>> Brian Holt: Okay, so let's go fix
order so that it can be lazily loaded.
Here at the top, we're gonna say, import,
create lazy file route from
TenStack.create React router.
That's correct.
>> Brian Holt: If you didn't modify,
make sure that these are all dot
dot slash instead of dot slash,
cuz obviously they're up a directory,
not in the same directory anymore, okay?
And then what we're gonna do here,
just underneath this,
we're gonna say export const route.
Cuz remember, TanStack Router is expecting
it to be on this route named export.
And we're going to say
equals createLazyFileRoute.
We're gonna tell it
where we want it to be.
We want it to be at /order, right?
And we're going to invoke that immediately
afterwards with the component.
>> Brian Holt: Lowercase c,
sorry, this one.
And we're gonna pass an order.
>> Brian Holt: So we're passing in
this function as the component there.
>> Brian Holt: And this doesn't
need to be exported anymore, so
you can just delete that.
So it's just function order.
You can, doesn't matter.
Does it matter?
I don't think it matters.
But let's not.
>> Brian Holt: That's really
it to make this a route.
Now it's a full on route,
it'll be rendered in that
outlet whenever people are on
the order URL, that's it.
Our issue at the moment is that
we have no index route, right?
We need an index route.
So let's go ahead and
make another file here called
index.lazy.jsx, Index.lazy.jsx.
>> Brian Holt: Actually, I wanna show you
a really cool trick that this will do.
So, you can just ignore this for
a second, if I say npm run dev.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, it's gonna tell
you all the stuff that it's doing here.
You'll see that this
route.gen.ts got generated.
Never modify this directly, because
it'll just get overwritten later, right?
This is generated code, this is
generated by TanStack for TanStack.
Just ignore it.
But I wanna show you this very
pleasant thing that I discovered that
TenStack Router does for you.
I'm gonna create a new file here,
index.lazy.jsx, and
it stubs it out for you.
I didn't do anything,
it just did that for, but your V server
has to be running for that to happen.
>> Brian Holt: So just a text like,
you're making a new route.
Here you go.
>> Brian Holt: I thought my
computer was haunted for a while.
[LAUGH] All right, so
on our home page here.
>> Brian Holt: It did all that stuff for
us, we're gonna import a link as well.
So links are just a tags, right,
anchor tags that use on the page.
But if you use Link, then it'll handle
all the routing and it'll do a client
side redirect, as opposed to doing
like a full side browser redirect, but
it still manages all the history
correctly, so it's all good.
So in other words, if you're using a
router like this, use the Link component,
don't use a tags, that's what I wanna say.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and then we're
just gonna do a, we're gonna call
this index function, index,
>> Brian Holt: And
we're just gonna return a bunch of markup.
Feel free to just copy and paste this.
None of this is very interesting,
in terms of like,
there's nothing new to learn here.
>> Brian Holt: Div
className = index-brand.
>> Brian Holt: We're
gonna say h1 padre genos
>> Brian Holt: P, Pizza and art at
a location near you.
Ul, li, and then we're gonna say Link.
This is gonna go to Order.
>> Brian Holt: Order.
>> Brian Holt: And
same thing here, link to past,
and this will be past orders.
We don't have anything here yet,
so that won't work, but,
it just won't go anywhere, yeah.
>> Brian Holt: Cool, that should work.
Last thing, head to header, really quick.
We're just gonna wrap this one here.
Everyone expects if you click the header,
it takes you back to the home page.
Let's just make that work really quick.
So, import link.
>> Brian Holt: And
we're gonna wrap the h1 in it.
That's all.
Link to = /, and
we'll just move that inside of it.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So
let's go see what carnage we have wrought.
Padre Gino's right on our homepage.
Pizza and art at a location near you,
that sounds like some
marketing genius wrote that.
>> Brian Holt: Actually,
that was the designer that wrote that.
So, sorry, Alex.
[LAUGH] And now if we click on Order,
it should take us to our order page.
>> Brian Holt: So, kind of cool here.
Refresh the page.
I'm gonna look at all here for
just a second, and
I'm gonna trash this for a second.
If I click on Order, notice that it
loaded Order.jsx, Pizza.jsx,
Cart.jsx, after I clicked it.
If we had not done the lazy loading,
it would have just been one
file bundle would have loaded when
you initially loaded the page.
But because we're doing lazy loading,
it's going to say, I'm gonna hold off
loading these until the user request
something that does this, which is cool.
Again, this is 27 kilobytes of code.
It's not worth lazy loading, and
once we actually minify it and
do all that kind of stuff, it's gonna
be kilobytes, like, a few, right?
But imagine if this page had
like Three.js on it, right?
Three.js is is a big whole bundle, right?
Or if you're loading Monaco from VS code,
huge bundle.
That makes a ton of sense
that you would wanna do that.
>> Brian Holt: So, cool,
notice we got a little friend down here on
the bottom left, TenStack Router.
Click to get nice little
view into what we have.
>> Brian Holt: So honestly,
I didn't really use this one too much,
cuz we're not gonna use the router too,
too much here.
But imagine if you have a giant app
with a bunch of routing rules and
stuff like that.
This can be helpful to kind of dig
through, why is this getting routed
the way that it is, what data is being
passed around, all that kind of stuff.
So I loaded in there just so
you can take a look, know that it exists,
know how easy it is to install.
This will only show on your local
host development environment,
as long as your node is equal to
production, like I told you about before,
none of this stuff gets shipped, so
you don't have to worry about that.
This will only exist in dev.